# GoogleBooks
For this googlebooks homework i used create-react-app to create the template for the app. For the google books app i created the controllers, models files. Then inside the src file i created  the components, pages folders, with the utils folder inside the pages folder. I also created the server.js file which connects the server PORT, and calls the required npm packages. In the models folder I created the books, and index.js files. The books.js files requires mongoose to call the information for the books in the mongo database. The index.js file just exports the Books.js file. In the pages folder i created the search, and saved.js files. The saved.js file saves, or deletes books that searched for, while the search.js file allows the user to search the full information for books they're looking for or interested in. In the subfolder utils, the api.js file uses the npm package axios, which allows for the book searched to be deleted, or saved. The seviceWorker.js file calls the localhost, checks to see if the serviceWorker is actually valid, for the user to navigate thru the app, and to make sure everything behind the scenes in the browser is working correctly. The routes Folder in the index.js has the api routes, and exports the one that is being used. The subfolder inside it is the Api folder, that holds the google, books, and the other index.js file. The books.js, and google.js files just call the bookscontroller, and googlecontroller, and exports them to the router. In the index.js file it takes both the google, and bookscontrollers, and send thems on their seprate routes called booksRoutes, and googleRoutes, then exports them. 
